This time the opportunity arose for me to spare others.
Rather than obeying what others say.
Yeah, don't listen to his feet.
Just understand that he doesn't want to listen to you just because he doesn't love you.
Listen to me. Let's get up and live with him together.
Anyway, you are going to talk to him.
Wu, let’s try a handful of these bastards first. I’ve been wronged.
So what? Even if you can resist my power grass.
So what?
Understand me, the General God King is coming soon.
Our people will be arriving soon.
Listen to your own strength.
There is no way to get out of this big club,
The economy will let you die here
Yes, but before that
I want you to serve me well
My heavenly minister, I admit that you gave up by force.
But when I take to the streets, I am absolutely young with all my strength.
But in the beginning you will only become a cutting ball for the upper class division.
And dead brother, you are my Guanlu Wanghe
What's wrong with you never writing about God?
I changed my mind today
He treats me very well
My heavenly minister, I want a straight Qianqin
You can't call me